user (nail website)
I the user want to enter website. visit home page for services and contact seller for services. 
website = "http://authentic_sets.com
home page will pop up for the user. images of nail work example will be shown. An image of business owner on the left side will be shown. A smalll description of the owner and about work will be provided. The right side will show contact, Underneath a button for polices and appoinment . 

user than will choose one buttton described as polices which will go over regulations. user than will read and decide with what policies they will be agreeing too. There will be a small paragraph of the descriptions over photos, cancelations, payments, social media use, and kid policy. On the right side will be a button meant to be clicked acknowledging agreeemnet. at the very bottom a signature pad will be shown. User than will provide an electronic signature agreeing to the Polices.
Contracts polices must be signed before providing services.
 After user provides signatures than is taken to types of services provided. Left side of will be buttons. user can click between four buttons, basic,ombre, freestyle, and inspo. Right side will have a insert picture here. if user is coming with an inspo in mind. 
** After clicking type of service user is taken to another page showning a summer box, where user will put a describtion of wanted servies. Example what color they might want or designs. 
** once user has given the description will press the send button located at the bottum of summary box Than summary will be sent to client via email or app. Pricing will be based on services and final say of client. Screen will show that user will be notified by cient of final pricing the next day. 
 After summary user will be taken to payment page. user will provide full name, cell number, Identification, lastly type of payment. user will have to type in name in slot. click insert picture to provide Id picture. Put phone numer in slot. latestly click button for payment. 
 user will be taken to a different screen for payment. will click type of payment  on each slot will provide number of card,expiration and cvv number. A notifation will be shown to user saying a deposit will be taken to save user appointment.
 screen after user has given full name, cell number, identification, lastly type of payment is taken to tge appointment screen. 
 use will choose a date on calendar shown. after date is selected . Different times will pop up for user to choose. once a time is chosen a summary of all user information is shown again. user will have to check and click confirm button. a small description at the bottom of confirm button will say, once confirmed deposit will be taken and appointment will be saved. Once clicked confirmation will be sent out via text. 
 If user would like to change/ cancel appointment a link will be provided in text message for user to do so. 